I was praying and the Lord showed me, saying, "I need you to pray for Italy.
" I asked, "What is going on with Italy, Lord?
" and he showed me.
I had that open vision again, and he showed me there is a massive volcano that is about to happen.
I saw a coastline on the water, and there is a massive volcano there.
He told me this is going to happen, and there will be signs right before there is a massive explosion.
I saw this thing explode; it was huge.
He kept having me pray over the water; there is something about the water around Italy.
I believe it was right here where this volcano was, because Pompeii is right here.
There is a massive volcano up here, and so when I was looking in the spirit and it was showing me, I thought it was in this spot, but I believe it is probably further out.
I started looking at where the massive volcanoes are in the water over in Italy.
If you zoom out, I will show you there is a massive volcano, one of the largest, way down here.
Whenever I saw this massive volcano going off out of the water, it caused a massive tsunami wave.
It exploded, and from the earthquake and this massive volcano, it was like a humongous nuclear bomb went off and it went up out of the water, causing a massive wave.
The water rushed all over this area.
It would cause a lot of devastation.
One of these volcanoes out here, whatever it is the Lord is showing me, it came up out of the water and caused all the air traffic around that area to be completely shut down.
The Lord showed me that it would cost hundreds of thousands of deaths.
When this happens, there will be signs, maybe even on the news in Italy, about some rumblings around that area—some earthquakes or tremors—to pre-warn that something big is going to happen.
Do not ignore this; it is very serious.
What I saw is very serious.
If you start having a lot of tremors and you start seeing smoke or something going on, take heed.
Be forewarned; I am trying to tell you.
I was just praying in the spirit, worshiping, and all of a sudden, I was shot up.
I was looking over Italy, and Italy was so small.
I was so high, looking down, and all of a sudden, I could see a black blanket over the water.
It looked like a very thick cloud, as black as molasses, very dark.
They were all over the water, and I could see the black clouds going through all the houses.
It looked like a smog going through, all around the houses.
I could see the rooftops because I was up high, and I could see the lights on in the houses.
Above, the Lord pointed my attention to a massive circle, a humongous portal that was over the country of Italy.
It was over where I told you the volcano is by Pompeii.
Angels were coming out.
There was this massive portal, and the angels were coming out of it.
The portal was like it was breathing; it was alive, swirling, with clouds all in it.
It looked like it was opening up, and all of a sudden, thousands of angels started coming out of this massive portal.
They were all descending, lined up like soldiers coming out of this massive portal over Italy.
It looked like they were coming downstairs, but I could not see stairs.
Through the portal, clouds were coming out as it was breathing and turning.
The clouds were humongous and beautiful: pink, fluffy, blue, and purple.
I believe it was heaven.
These angels were all coming down and descending onto the earth.
When they got to a certain place in the atmosphere, they started to spread out like ants all over the place.
They started scattering and coming down even faster onto those homes.
Each angel was on a mission, moving at the speed of light.
They all had beautiful robes and gowns on.
It was the most amazing thing.
The whole time, I was sitting here in this chair praying in the spirit, soaking it all in.
I am trying to explain everything the Lord showed me in detail.
I am going to take a side note here because I was asking the Lord what all that black smog is.
He was showing me that there is a lot of trafficking in Italy that people may not know about; he was showing me there was a lot of corruption and trafficking.
Those angels were coming down to these homes and making a motion with their hands, telling the people to leave, warning the people.
Every angel was waving for the people to come.
They did this for several minutes.
You could sense an urgency on their faces, a warning telling the people to leave.
They did not say anything, but I could see from their body language that they were in a hurry.
Suddenly, all of the angels stopped.
I knew people were praying; I could feel the intercessory prayers from the saints interceding for Italy in the spirit, praying in tongues.
You could feel the blanket of prayer coming out of that portal.
Above where all the black clouds were, you could feel the intercessory prayer going on.
All of a sudden, all the angels froze and turned their bodies to look back up to the massive swirling light of the portal.
They all looked at the portal, and then they started shooting back up into it.
After that, the Lord took me to another part of the vision.
He said, "I want you to focus on the canary.
" Brandon, what is the meaning of a canary in a coal mine?
Study this out.
I saw a yellow canary in a cage in a cave.
I could see gas, which is normally invisible, like a smog coming up out of the ground.
The canary was swinging on a little swing in a birdcage in the spirit realm, chirping and making noise.
Suddenly, I looked at the gas coming up, and when I looked back, the canary was in the bottom of the cage, lifeless.
This gas coming up out of the ground in Italy—I do not know if it was from the volcano—but I saw hundreds of thousands of people go home.
I saw a massive wave coming.
The Lord said, "Pay attention to the water.
" I saw earthquakes in the water, but the people were not paying attention.
In past visions, the Lord kept pointing me to the water in the gulf area by Pompeii.
This is just what the Lord has been showing me for the past week.
For three times now, the Lord has spoken to me about the electric grid in America, telling me to pray over the electric grid.
This is very serious.
I saw something like a cyberattack or a false flag attack.
Power went out in New York and major cities.
It was completely dark everywhere.
He said, "You are not taking this seriously enough.
" He warned me that I need to pray about this more intently because of what is being planned.
When the electric grid went down, for some people, it had the opportunity to be down for over three weeks.
I saw a calendar and could see the days go by with people being without power.
The Lord was warning me about these major cities and about this plot against America and the power grid.
I am interceding for this on top of the Italy thing.
I tried to tell you all a year ago about investing in a generator that has three fuel types—propane, gas, and natural gas—and finding ways to power your home through solar.
I do not want to preach fear, but I get these warnings from the Spirit of God and they are very intense.
For instance, I was once praying over an ice storm and he was telling me about Texas being without power.
I kept seeing no heat and a poisoning of the water.
About three years ago, a major arctic front came down from the Arctic and through Canada, making everything really cold in Texas.
They could not handle the electric load, so the electric grid shut down because the windmills froze.
The pipes in the houses burst, and they put out a warning not to drink the water because it had E.
coli.
This lasted for quite a while.
Before that happened, the Lord warned me to tell friends who lived in Texas to get at least twelve cases of water.
I went out and bought water too because of what I was seeing in the spirit.
When you are seeing over in the spirit, it does not always affect everybody.
There is a lot of ground here to cover from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
I do not want to alarm everybody and say the power is going out for all of America, because I do not believe that.
I want you to be praying about this for your own household.
It could be New York; I saw a major city with a lot of big buildings.
I want to warn you to pray about the power grid with me.
The power grid is not going to go down for the whole country for three weeks.
It could affect certain areas, just like my story about Dallas.
I thought because I live in Oklahoma that this was going to be about Oklahoma, but I am seeing and hearing in part.
This was a word for Texas, and it affected hundreds of thousands of people.
They were without power for two weeks or more.
It was bad; no heat, and pipes were bursting everywhere.
Those were the three things: the canary, Italy, and the electric grid.
I hope this video blessed you.
Let's intercede right now.
Father, I thank you.
We lift up Italy, this volcano, and the earthquakes.
You said perilous times would come and there would be earthquakes in diverse places.
I thank you that we are all awake and listening to what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
If we are in harm's way, show us what we are supposed to do for our families.
We will not be led by emotion; we will be led by the Holy Ghost.
I pray for every single person watching this video, that they would learn to meditate on your Word and yield themselves to the Spirit of God.
We call for clarity in their ears, supernatural giftings to see into the spirit realm, and to hear warnings of danger.
I thank you for clarity in the spirit.
I am not going to be in fear about what the devil is doing, but I have authority over the devil and I am going to have wisdom.
I pray for protection over the people of Italy and the believers.
I thank you that those angels are coming out of that portal.
Concerning the electric grid, from Miami to LA, Phoenix, Denver, or Seattle, we take authority over cyberattacks and false flag events.
In the name of Jesus, we plead the blood of Jesus over our power grid.
We say we will have power; it will not disrupt life or cause people to lose their lives.
I thank you, Lord, that our people would be wise.
I thank you for giving wisdom to Homeland Security, the Army, and the Corps of Engineers to block attacks from foreign adversaries.
Expose all wicked plots and plans in Jesus' name.
Now, Father, I pray over their finances.
I pray for a hundredfold return over what they sow.
I speak to their finances for great blessing and prosperity.
Every need is met and every debt is canceled.
I pray over their health and wholeness.
We take authority over sickness, cancer, diabetes, dementia, and Alzheimer's.
We command addictions to go now in Jesus' name.
We call for strongholds to be broken.
We pray for an abundance of rain and break drought.
We call for low-pressure systems to come in and moisture to rise.
We claim the former rain and the latter rain, even the spiritual rain of the Holy Ghost rain over this nation.
We call for a tidal wave of your presence upon this nation.
We pray for the leaders of this country, from Joe Biden down to the smallest person in power, that they would have wisdom and the fear of the Lord to make godly decisions.
We rest in you today.
Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
We will not fear.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us right now.
Amen.
I thank you all for joining me.
I am learning every day.
The presence of the Lord really settled in on me while I was praying.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
Have a blessed day.